Design your constraints: Create a file called constraints.txt – in this file, you will
specify,in plain English, how you implemented each of the 16 constraints in your database
schema. Specifically, for each constraint, you need to state:

1) How the constraint was implemented – did you choose to use a Key constraint
(using PRIMARY KEY or UNIQUE), a Referential Integrity constraint, a CHECK
constraint, or a Trigger? (Note that in SQLite, Referential Integrity constraints are
often referred to as Foreign Key constraints.)
2) Which file(s) contain the constraint implementation – this will be useful for us when
we grade your Trigger constraints, if you have any.


PRIMARY KEY/UNIQUE

1. No two users can share the same User ID.
  -- all users are unique
    userID PRIMARY KEY for User

3. No two items can share the same Item ID.
  --all items are unique
    itemID PRIMARY KEY for Item

6. An item cannot belong to a particular category more than once.
  --all item is listed for a particular category only once
    (itemID, name) PRIMARY KEY for Category

10. No auction may have two bids at the exact same time.
  --((itemID, time) PRIMARY KEY for Bid)


REFERENTIAL INTEGRITY

2. All sellers and bidders must already exist as users.
  -- all sellers are users, all bidders are users.
    Item(SellerID) references User(userID)
    Bid(userID) references User(userID)

4. Every bid must correspond to an actual item.
  -- all bids are on actual items
    Bid(itemID) references Item(itemID)

5. The items for a given category must all exist.
  --all categories are associated with actual items.
    Category(itemID) references Item(itemID)

ROW LEVEL CHECK
7. The end time for an auction must always be after its start time. (ROW-LEVEL CHECK)
  --In the create.sql we have a Row-Level constraint in the create.sql file.
      create.sql

TRIGGERS
8. The Current_Price of an item must always match the Amount of the most recent bid for that item.
      trigger8_add.sql

9. A user may not bid on an item he or she is also selling.
    --cannot place bid on item.
      trigger9_add.sql

11. No auction may have a bid before its start time or after its end time.
      trigger11_add.sql

12. No user can make a bid of the same amount to the same item more than once. (TRIGGER)
      trigger12_add.sql

13. In every auction, the Number_of_Bids attribute corresponds to the actual
number of bids for that particular item.
      trigger13_add.sql

14. Any new bid for a particular item must have a higher amount than any of the previous bids for that particular item.
      trigger14_add.sql

15. All new bids must be placed at the time which matches the current time of your
      trigger15_add.sql

16. The current time of your AuctionBase system can only advance forward in time, not backward in time.
      trigger16_add.sql
